hmm well let's give away for life in
here
go away gay boy for life oh man gay boy
for life I feel like so many you teams
are like the same nowadays like you see
mega Blastoise Weavile or like da manhã
Tanner Victini on every one of them it
seems let's see
hmm
what don't wanna leave this I can't
predict main shout or that thing so what
I could do is I don't see I see a rapid
spinner this is tough
let's just lead off with what looks to
be the safest bet in melodic I see no
grass types to take the hits he's got
porygon Z is he gonna be the kind of
sets up in my face immediately he is
goddammit
he's probably that bulky set I can
survive like one thing but yeah I'm
gonna go for freakin Hayes fuck you I
don't have dragon tail unfortunately
these things like to be 306 speed so
melodic looks like a good stop to a lot
of his guys as well probably just gonna
scold
okay cool works for me works for me
probably gonna start toxic me if we're
being honest so let's go into fortress
my just try to get Brock's though he
does don't wanna get rid of rocks or get
at my own rocks do I have a safe switch
into da manha tan I do but I'm just
gonna get rid of his what can you
possibly do to me
earthquake okay I'm gonna get my own
rocks because Dar minute hands probably
gonna come in if not something else and
I can just spin away his stuff and get
up my own all day so I'm not worried
about it
he gives in the main shell what can main
shall do to me he could knock off I'm
gonna stay in once go for a gyro ball
just to see what he wants to do because
it might kill if he's scarfed he misses
a high jump kick well that's some hacks
payback is some last game
that's gotta suck though and it's not
like a lot of people say and even I say
this like if you don't want to miss
running more accurate alternative
there's really no alternative main shell
gets it doesn't get close combat which
is stupid
everything that gets high jump kick
should get close combat or superpower or
something because I would run close
combat on main shell over high jump kick
any day its defenses are already abysmal
you know so it's going him a lot that
just got a hell of a lot easier though
definitely there's a lot of damage so
that's life orbed
and or yeah superpower a life orbs I
mean this might seem kind of douchey
recovery stalling but I really predicted
a Blastoise there and since he can't do
shit to me there's a crit but since he
can't do shit to me I'm just gonna
recover the hell with you
now I know he's not scarf too so that's
good to know goes into bronzong might
try to talk to me I'm gonna get right
back out in a fortress stuff set up some
spikes or spin away his rocks whatever
he wants to do he's gonna try to oxy
alright free spikes right here if he's
morning we'll go into Blastoise now you
know
ah
hmm
he does and the spin is very obvious but
we are going to go into Toxicroak anyway
cuz I can come back in on bronzong any
day as well as that he's just gonna shut
up for offense
all right here's where assault vest
Toxicroak comes in handy we're gonna
gunk shot he's gonna spend but he can do
nothing to me so I'm just gonna drain
punch gay little bit health back thanks
for the boost there buddy hah drain
punch again and he's gonna forfeit that
was really a foregone conclusion though